### CNN Deep Learning

The project entailed the development of a convolution neural network architecture for facial expression recognition. This code performs a benchmark analysis of the convolutional neural network concerning the setting of various confgurations and architectures. The provided data set was categorized according to their purpose of being a training or test set. In addition, the pixels of the training set are represented according to the image size of (48, 48) and normalized for conducting constructive experiments. For training and testing, the private training set which consists of 28709 labelled images was retained to shuffle and split it with respective ratio of (70% / 30%). The final verifcation was performed on the public and private test sets that were categorized by the provided data set.

Besides a seeking for the optimal architecture consisting of several layers, the purpose of the operations after each convolutional layer will be discussed with different parameter settings. By intuition, the hyperparameter which controls the learning rate is initially set at 0.005 for confguring the neural network as it positively converges the optimization process. Moreover, a kernel filter with size (3x3) and the zero-padding technique were applied to the convolutional layers in order to preserve the input volume in the output as was discussed in detail during the course. Furthermore, in order to enhance the effciency in allocating various parameter settings, hyperparameters are tuned in a "sweep approach". The extent in which it will operate is determined by the input values of which the process results will be displayed and documented throughout the report.
